### Stage 0
## 1. Setting root project
I will start by creating a maven root project, as we will eventually be building a multi-module project. Here is a little overview of the POM file that will be created.

### Group ID:
```xml
<groupId>com.rueloparente</groupId>
```
This is a unique identifier for the project’s group or organization, typically following the Java package naming conventions.

### Artifact ID:
```xml
<artifactId>spring-kafka-microservices</artifactId>
```
This specifies the name of the artifact (the output) produced by this project. Here, it’s named `spring-kafka-microservices`.

### Version:
```xml
<version>0.0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
```
This specifies the version of the project. The `SNAPSHOT` suffix indicates that this version is a development version that may change over time.

### Packaging:
```xml
<packaging>pom</packaging>
```
This indicates the type of artifact that is produced. In this case, it's a POM packaging, since this is a parent POM or an aggregator.

### Project Name:
```xml
<name>spring-kafka-microservices</name>
```
This defines a human-readable name for the project, which is helpful in project management interfaces (like Maven’s site generation).

### Properties:
```xml
<properties>
    <project.build.sourceEncoding>UTF-8</project.build.sourceEncoding>
    <java.version>21</java.version>
    <maven.compiler.release>${java.version}</maven.compiler.release>
    <spotless-maven-plugin.version>2.43.0</spotless-maven-plugin.version>
</properties>
```
These are key-value pairs that define project properties:
- **project.build.sourceEncoding**: Sets the source encoding for the project to UTF-8.
- **java.version**: Specifies the version of Java being used (Java 21 here).
- **maven.compiler.release**: The compiler release version is set to the value of `java.version`.
- **spotless-maven-plugin.version**: Indicates the version of the Spotless plugin used for code formatting.

### Modules:
```xml
<modules>

</modules>
```
This section is for defining sub-modules of the project. Currently, it is empty, the different modules will be added here.

## 2. Adding maven wrapper
I will add the maven wrapper to the project. This will allow us to use the `mvnw` script to run maven commands without having to install maven on the system.

### Steps:
1. Create the maven wrapper by running the following command:
```bash
mvn wrapper:wrapper
```
This will create the maven wrapper scripts in the project directory.