# Stage 3

## 1. Setting up the library service persistence and domain
So we will be creating the domain classes and the repository interfaces for the library service. The domain classes will represent the entities in our database, and the repository interfaces will provide the methods to interact with the database.
I will be trying to implement this module using ddd and clean architecture principles.

### 1.1. Create the domain classes
I'm starting by creating the value objects that will be used in the domain classes. These value objects will be used to represent the attributes of the entities in the database.
Some choices are purely arbitrary, as this project is for educational purposes only and as such I'm not overly concerned with business logic.

#### 1.1.1 - Value Objects
I'm creating the following value objects:
- `BookId`: Represents the unique identifier of a book.
- `BookName`: Represents the name of a book.
- `BookDescription`: Represents the author of a book.
- `BookAvailability`: Represents the availability of a book.

It's my aim to keep the domain classes as clean as possible, so I'm doing manually validation. In the testing of these classes my SUT is the class itself, I will be implementing parameterized testing to test the validation of the value objects.

#### 1.1.2 - Aggregate Root / Entity
For this microservice the only entity is the `Book` entity. The `Book` entity will be the aggregate root of the library service. The `Book` entity will have the following attributes:

- `Book`: Represents a book in the library. It has the following attributes:
    - `id`: A `BookId` object representing the unique identifier of the book.
    - `name`: A `BookName` object representing the name of the book.
    - `author`: A `BookDescription` object representing the author of the book.
    - `availability`: A `BookAvailability` object representing the availability of the book.

For testing of the `Book` entity I will consider my SUT to be the `Book` aggregate, meaning, I will be testing the entity as a whole and not isolating its value objects.

#### 1.1.3 - Factory Pattern
I'm creating a factory class for the `Book` entity. The factory class will be responsible for creating instances of the `Book` entity. In the factory testing we will be using mockito with mocked construction.

### 1.2. Create the repository interfaces
So our goal in this microservice is to isolate our application from external dependencies. We will be taking this to the extreme for academic purposes.
We have our repository defined as an interface in the ddd package, this interface is considered a port in the clean architecture. The implementation of this interface will be in the infrastructure package, this implementation is considered an adapter in the clean architecture.
We applied interface segregation principle to the book repository interface, were we could have specific methods for the book repository.

#### 1.2.1 - RepositoryDIP (Repository for Dependency Inversion Principle)
The `RepositoryDIP` interface will have the following methods:
- `save`: Saves a book in the database.
- `findById`: Finds a book in the database by its id.
- `findAll`: Finds all books in the database.
- `delete`: Deletes a book from the database.

#### 1.2.2 - RepositoryBook
For demonstration of the interface segregation principle we have the `RepositoryBook` interface that extends the `RepositoryDIP` interface and has the following extra methods:
- `findByName`: Finds a book in the database by its name.

#### 1.2.3 - BookDBContext
I've struggled a bit with the naming for this class, and I'm not entirely happy with it. I've stolen a name commonly used in the .NET world, but I'm not sure if it's the best name for this class.
The `BookDBContext` class will be responsible for managing the connection to the database and executing the queries. It will be injected into the repository implementation class.

#### 1.2.3.1 - Why?
So, the advantage of having the `BookDBContext` class is that we can easily change the database connection without changing the repository implementation. Meaning, I can just create a new implementation 
extending the BookRepository interface. It would be simple to change the database driver.

#### 1.2.4 - BookRepository Implementation
The `BookRepositoryImpl` class will be our implementation of the `RepositoryBook` interface. It will be responsible for executing the queries to the database using the `BookDBContext` to leverage springs data jpa.

### 1.3. Testing
I will be testing the repository leveraging the `@DataJpaTest` annotation from spring boot. This annotation will create a test slice of the application context, only creating the beans necessary for the repository testing.
For better performance and isolation of the tests I will be using an in-memory database, the H2 database. And will be using the @DirtiesContext annotation to clean the context after each test.