# Stage 4

## 1. Setting up the library service layer and controller
So we will be creating the service layer and the controller for the library service. The service layer will contain the business logic of the application, and the controller will provide the endpoints for the service.
Since in clean architecture the inner layer should receive objects in the format more appropriate for it, we will be using VO from the controller to the service layer and from the service layer to the repository we will be using data transfer objects (DTO).

### 1.1. Create the service layer
We will start by creating the classes that will be used in the service layer, namely the BookToServiceResponseModel that will be used to transfer data from domain
to the format used by the controller. We will also create the BookService interface that will define the methods that the service layer will provide.

#### 1.1.1 - Data transfer objects
I'm creating the following data transfer objects:
- `BookToServiceResponseModel`: Represents the data that will be transferred from the domain to the controller.
- `AddBookResponse`: Represents the response given by the controller to the client when a book is added.
- `UpdateBookResponse`: Represents the response given by the controller to the client when a book is updated.
- `GetBookResponse`: Represents the response given by the controller to the client when a book is retrieved.
- `AddBookRequest`: Represents the request sent by the client to the controller when a book is added.
- `UpdateBookRequest`: Represents the request sent by the client to the controller when a book is updated.

I'm also creating mappers that will be injected in the controller class and service class to map the data between transfer objects / domain objects and vice versa.

Again, probably we don't need all these objects to achieve low coupling and high cohesion, but it's to show that we can have a more complex structure and still be following clean architecture principles.

#### 1.1.2 - Service interface
The `BookService` interface will have the following methods:
- `addNewBook`: Adds a book to the library.
- `updateBook`: Updates an existing book in the library.
- `getBookByID`: Retrieves a specific book from the library.
- `deleteBook`: Deletes a book from the library.
- `getAllBooks`: Retrieves all books from the library.

We will be using the repository interface to allow the controller to be dependent on an abstraction and not on a concrete implementation.
This choice will help us to isolate the application from external dependencies and make it easier to test. Since the service in inner in relation to the controller, this design choice is not mandatory, but it's a good practice.

### 1.2. Create the controller
We will create the controller class that will provide the endpoints for the library service. The controller will be dependent on the service interface, and it will use the mappers to map the data between the transfer objects and the domain objects.
We will also be creating a GlobalExceptionHandler class to handle exceptions thrown by our application.

#### 1.2.1 - BookController
The `BookController` class will have the following endpoints:
- `addNewBook`: Adds a book to the library.
- `updateBook`: Updates an existing book in the library.
- `getAllBooks`: Retrieves all books from the library.
- `deleteBook`: Deletes a book from the library.

Four our mapping we will be choosing '/api/v1/library' as the base path for our controller.
This will allow us to have a more organized structure for our application.

#### 1.2.2 - GlobalExceptionHandler
The `GlobalExceptionHandler` class will handle exceptions thrown by our application. We will be using the @ControllerAdvice annotation to define this class as an exception handler.
This class will have methods to handle specific exceptions and return a response entity with the appropriate status code and message.

### 1.3. Testing the service layer
We will be testing the service layer using unit testing. Using mockito to isolate the service layer from their dependencies.
For the mapper we will be using to different approaches:
- In the first one we completely isolate the mapper from their dependencies, using the mapper as a parameter in the method.
- In the second one we considered de SUT to be the mapper and the data object being used/returned by the mapper.

### 1.4. Testing the controller
We will be testing the controller using integration testing. We will be using the @SpringBootTest annotation to create a test slice of the application context, only creating the beans necessary for the controller testing.
Also, we will be using @DirtiesContext to reset the context after each test, so we can have a clean context for each test. This will help us to avoid side effects between tests. Alternatively we could mock the repository since we already have integration tests for it.
